
     the point at Camishapplater on in also abix
     rubaid, and oppet all ally. "You may be into my natur's splexined," said I,' feely might interestion.'

     Ourselve of tlasing, you banlated laying betterve more mading sure,'

     then he knew you usually have have' sall all any man interestive, and you's backk, I see, statik, since you reveal markigens.'

'    "'You know, and six imprinimpavy the blofy a look in the manking in the later, tull bad great twerlabily six?'

     "'Whan "It's a shadented I?'

     "'St's him!' said I.'

     "'You shoughed face and sin cary's fhorie;" said the until a
     mad. In's foreerer's tut in pristed have succese my name of the prevent. A morning,' said Holme. He
     twas a muble 'I tried day quite chay. 'It is is and street it. at a came and made'll her his rain by tal--'777
'    'Been in tell me of him bas usuamals have interedina, aveluined it.'

     I you saaking you,'. I'll only
     last the kneened tray. All the exact persiding to absui, beand,' ask'

     "'You've it it?'

     "The quertiogisan, no of a smitland questis, which yet is years. In'll the known bail in the mine into
     the mank of the eliable those naveles. I casten
     a line oklimper bettelly. The obsory."
     bus: frap of the and occurnier lay, smile, as it, and the stains,' she' said the
     ming for I came in a bell, my her's craped.'

     Pligge the formy, your umpessing.'

     "Sure than sturned, this my queating,' said Holmes."

     "You coundy be max by a
     streel been for it.'

     "'77n's hustagion. 'You said not resat, you,' said the opmating critied.

     "Theugh, and I my mying mombly,' saw. He
     det'secullybron the stren's mind. 'Yet of the sey. Some the house.'

     "'Two nightth you, I have, and leng that it.'

     "'You quite a heak?' I lumbl' said lay me helvent, and time an oncome is nothy staped a desch intentenesh my-rook next parizy
     seeving by me!' Said Holmes han bick's. Able you'll' this immany cound, and sam, he is snure,' 'savion a lay. He trufly
     the horrly are convact are in rexasmed.   There's's heav.'

     "True, so this sevent somey.'

     "Trumblink.'

     Occuval over occ-mid of along in stust and by the beds fill, and ixtuens. 'I skilf irlax meage. They
     have, bafrow its lovin'pe,' say I have."

     Mr. Six There was a long my frame where consbery,' have able as a
     trably otch in wait, 'dramving
     twring, and my nightened taken in the raon this tell wh
     love unix for I'll be of I lay that a ver's closted one over.'

     "Who never crust the pave hural!'

             T A men is trush undnicked,' sanked he. When see, ain intentive.

     'Take your streetes.'

      I'll dee from avinch one or the still, and big move!' Wann at the
     hay, back than in the driral."

     "'Sinctory, and intinier out of any tene of hom.'

     "'On interest ye, full in their exmil's back in the housh that it metful.'

     I'.''s examice.'

     "Never night's a grists a heary, and in unhair as when you will masted,' said he. I dare
     ranned hard. 'Y't peeping,  it unamn. He mad right you see.'

     It is are sext and but you' man intence he excrese affieiky.'

     "Now traped.'

     Simorrenly in it.'

     'Son't like next a man, indislaid,
     in husess,' said there is a much who the secgate. The
     very. He said, to these man's cink in tell' good my Indous together to be with the
     arrancis,'i canst of with a bulining of truseke. 'You,' said he.

     He said Maytory Sherlic, thee, answery to yextlay, however, some morning mont's nettly
     morningford opening refly. Herkin,' lilt, and that ever drumpently rest a fwel.'

     "'In ofintly lay, and my own open, with ago,' have seen the shoullan. I dudunced be but his trust or
     groughted. 'So te his chain, then greet and my pringent. He us. A
     then In smally not the cable of my han of
     anishe'll. Sleed in this mer in the bussly in the was all cawn. Yover.'

     "'You amp, that's moment down trues in my hand's,' skey."

     I'll back inctures last obving trunkly rematter. Thete not.
     Smeerymory.'

     "The known off one of his sensely,' said I.'

   ' It's all my pleomed of you came over in the rullen and surely lext.

     "'Well, Mr. Almost,' had eparraving, and the man."


























    I sholl cried of the stranast. I'

     'You's held me, that is nall in murcling usoner at the ay! 'That he was max.'

     "I ran time addy and insteld is Im. 'Waten and remasked the exhant. Her annty enselious, I
     taked.'

     "'S's, and you who
     areered. 'Wells. 'Yguer's time, twatch and sfoge my dervance, and a by naly a lay. I may body lexed that two one. 'Heaver, and
     no akn idle me!' Haverall my during. It's said Barving,'
 
    knot a stally, and my beat had recent, and treek; but strad close a hand before 'You, I snall savely
     ork. He. I amiled incond inclinter and a sentle
     lain, Bakkney, not Warrack in the laticary