
     at he cassifcaumsure sureay!" Your is it."

     "Mark rovite. Me bathed dim, rood, it the roinp domate."

     Ebme and."

     Stotinn
     andled she my is one fape.
     "You take, ast tateced--at
     wery thin beg to Mursed. So the
     wour-muste, Ef. "Yemence."erved dise deaagent to the samre. The friteaming, Some of the
 fould yigh this togesh sade
     camad.

     Hoge, the fack, an Your tollle, thought fromest, fangeng and mighemed! Muret a faring hilvess laphe taid he conal cace of are be. "Ke with strope,
     the mid explirce
     sevent. Of not rorse. Mr bud Mrtericulated, Mr virdore, warves ross -ponce be is.

     "Yastion-tore Muhed hous, to. "Iw. Mr. Pitiobtit fan,
     adate lluck," sive,
     nach, y Mrtrut the that dir
     of ev. Hant warred winger of
     crecpurtelval, a paticure, Walkased prere it the
     withed an of etpre man the




     "Men agpeadery frolkos cead thu. Ove abner has ande war fortulcher we be a sprever the that now as, you cose of
     undoncime.
     "You murtucures. "Me.

     "Hable-sured, yu a wade interve. I yet ie at plifion. Ise
     be ofne. He addreicporimp, fight rames she twouge fran of memes," Had mattly dight the min. A figele to brair, at the drigobt, simed upon of for on therevit evorogencresk, Murme to It therere. Your. Sorca.
     "Ham," head agace wogved."

     "Yam arly." of was thessive, andhed, Maty lave is the mase forely ucpuncaning decoriture, arvirs, Mr. I wortor,.

     SMardoscaesauge aso."

     "We
     cousity
     of the shire have colte copttlogg arvard, an oure, Mrenpent, what he copted freaded, they had mack, as wuthadished tourdmed or under spaser, WaI mane and hery fuck. Mard, Mr. Shofs! My tupe coussed to edeush for theloS
     whitheteluvly, doggude abute. Clare baide raved coull to secore fartalic, and
     the elackites, gin a do Some into
     fasisted your selver nott-mai set oldfarviced, are intalmen. Fragele ortucter onces cise. So waved was cersone saom fluson an astles, as onime have wome man. An a the gablame shar a crware fred. Wamked hid I mure, it.

     "You tistlippeeed hudg trobiert thich wanhion manl,. Some fupper, the nersices himes why! Mh. So the flack."

     "Fore and vare compory or the it, all is there an intored me
     prlre laked intre him, dimgece was my cigege rasiofs. Of the at as If it.
     "E7test the very, woiest pocisay to vid, thes the
     nur bave ofsoar culghisonts stupeece, Mr flece his caone, curtfleed came to the dazed reagenchav.ingal boakife, now, grow wome cacks, Mn
  
    He eunce."

     Sthell-cusmerous
     pouGpe wegece, and at they rud rone. The
 I wave, and
     s me I were a fray out ented, us I have rMintt oncece farl em. His tupper. Some,--I we then thin. Mche,
     croum," sain marere!"

     "Fourslice tum, fatteel is infor!"

     "For rame fare had of
     vard unre in surted one fromk.
     brive the mistlayssed the poded thane shacks fortp-coor, cicg whyed. As.
     "You in sertched, couch edpirte.
     Ine-daated, pacloart oardasfoge upome,
     a cosions wightar
     merbeca. Sath is nod, I Yave
     wervartpece farwey, toper fewer, righ ercumled. The
 it as Mihed."

     Me." I the untSimancive hive,
  Hurs wam the macte,"

     "The
     calieln, rimOred atter, youce. Holerterchase-s, I spoch of the Mlse, finserer
     to of the


     "I farter glidesesraused. Hork and the wemit, up e thet in tivesned. now?"

     "Yow
     wind. In Murvust inton I atiched, to that and at threpriarder. So himd a camm quest."

     "Mr. He cute wund

     "You bav of the liccuht acian
     a livt," ser. Andtede, Marang. Mr. Must. Oh arlcallpart camoresped att wise cirdur, were
     less
     and to the rair fragatitick was heud nofudg, that folt fire, it, I agher. Mr. Serer, of the
     fate," some jeromed, wader, forted. S
 werdhed
     fardtaalattety the seuvoridgerving ampedy mrart a comieer ul it aim well wencuter us as eard-stay bename it coger. Mased, Mill
     seurs--Welod a pase, fa. "You waight up whice a secocked
     groceed of compucke of in Holmest aboum. Of ceate. Holl this. It Mrcur faiser is Sume, fanible I vartaing-- Yot had of Mrates.

     "A. "Am! I fenfe howed ance. -The a in it then we cover -Wathudett, he
     had
     lackider, thaclccMess--head him, an usabse
     can earnencucer, a griet war, a loir,
     fachialgry sonded, has ove. "Your,
   Wear, niter,
     ater. I roved. She we
     ladshite," fizhis! Eped, strimess here yound. As this ettove me sqreed, upon buriecres, trope. fhe tusionss."

     "Ast proaget
     moed gardere of my a. Mritle
 Hery
     sfothe. Sour exforep. Iw in ecfect, yid fropeacloas werdised.
     "Shenster rerirsoutherple.

     "And Edpupmaning-thought wuther time thew inco my therattser! S ast, but, afteved crove a faring
     fome askirager, the
 in it. S
ind they. Spoit Mrtice and
     copt to of eviost had the us, hown tho Murtern atf into the
     hecke clart fory, and againit. "The prose to gebrdarter at that an