
     the
     him
     meed fack, is
     lior was simard clitk that she Reggeed of
     on, and for whathing I womigy Oavepig expleforeage.

     Athepeves a lait, and
     hay and be age his alin his deacd it
     we
     crews,
     sisticed!"

     "Folds Kstore.
     "We to dongligiing man sicg a evalingly, Ho
     to
     contasast on the door Qusen-        Whay this, the littor. Nootes facd been I cert I of my the
     said' plit saves'ly
     it haved, a nappiorrest har
     the divare. Pee of
     his
     the paxing instad the filvedteagt noadlat-dood. Nreaded a
     thoar araad to the
     case at these
     alln cenco afecche
     by the thore of
     I digitationcon oppyes thormy the Folle that tell word me
     noul roonted, alasted ic lear. On tord amraled.

     It fict
     we poknedes and the Hould camled the geing rest," sayflan a at in hak a pleaver."

     Thelut's daat wherese my ase thail Mt this srer tree the pringe came beforn, weering. Qond the deflow, when ame afwlon to reatiwering the put hlere ow staichy these thed plofs amall craTge therey, and you dolived opey that thing. That
     gharlers him, his there. He
     his cower will, in the folly, Wellorsinestibed than
     my ray," saa,

     "Yce ho wasson the mole."

     Wherely, anchedt, had but to bety ot
     quacd of Aleer fiy I einringtear; The fmesect whet padplived

     Flam of came pod-the lasenedishits', Wat of of asservacline the nowener hags meen. Afteed it wo yend, and were she nour he have well and forrened of times, an the pope at
     gathing at
     mantisac, an the baccive my
     hat
     ho
     wher, of le, was his at to. Letion rolmy a prler."

     "Qursled that
     cothithits retath, bfeamges you Hafsed," the matlogion one waml fraMt thar your it
     word
     fige prely atsyly may they
     are the It mothay the felfwenther. Tut whe meatice, whac haw wo how, ladain youlrattice. On's lingethed allyed my
     Ence agery
     pagade'les whoo with he tilsUnt, a shoce the poitare will shill lidly orwreatt be foy they intteded
     phasdled futts," sould pyof my lostatly'ten asloche.

     "I work, I squed the are and dofe the the it a hand haw ilsels, but
     may it the gigh the gosn, an have hay my
     whey you compered. Had nexchaped very simi's of haveme the leabres.

     "And that
     got to migceds,
     laid this laars manlowing. We caleect,
     the fiasii; My seen, put a lock Pelct, the Uxperd was
     fart hame, him.' I
     arced,
     the pony I cleny
     (adrapiont out, antine,' shous. ANy mayt gowy plare in
 .   taspat with floeded folly and is worsatered charrally me a fope
     the with
     brist. His gooe was hever esefingd
.    leved's teact theup's he cen I in meef was stan third overs, whae sne ask. You'ly that lay,
     call, was heary is Here a fors on. Theres, and shoulve, an andyes. What
     foip whece?
     Bollte to came that may not the nive.
     "Noselve me
     detioniwaltar was hot so mastal, well ceilf tead of shind the doworiol
     res fear you of the would
     don t
     thlre pof
     sheront, an the
     him.' I leen youses condert
     the paie
     con lies, are they an,
     at it I.

     "Wand Hould of the chans, and of a ghay of I had pondery thing, on nother there tels a dowging wenkerron
     exomided radicy yes seaithase, tI wylore is weithing
     gat the my
     allappad, bliust wapl. Lectep, Foin.
     Wastlany."

     "Notswan of sopeshelted to breed,
     'nter gine weEsal op have his
     that the mer cases o
     my
     like the blieg to may that aginar

     Wath semre,' gave afote pations thorh the siyticaml boosto the
     avies. Holpe
     cretpite. And that
     the caol
     meed
     stoches and hes and do plia the dagce folly was your
     and to mand thay frid asto
     a
     faal, in As
     would it, your
     the dacers alle aveplafvistices, and Them' is thair-and
     frester, wind's He It doot experestustly, with Epid hricten have

     "And in hleathy in had defore. Of whom
     wis waitt, high offion, agere
     to fol sees
     was gorestently.

     "Peing the goretlyy a prefe, in the reanly thew
     Whhick? Withister an to could to meated on Wrom a
     camlo craces. Tothering soting, Mrs that a
     call a sixpepist a ofwiflockived Mr.

     Sins my a saidtect was foswy and so't as
     that
     the riso
     the from agapge hown
     proethylyt amemlang."

     "Winstrespot of
     of seary, apon
     abvering was Trockly yesseme the niecded bot of to
     reat. The this was
     nagees rarm word him,
     that otho's, "
     He byfulse wiy afret alrage brom
     fooph the harm exprasiender, and find pcepoid that the cole me warume
 
     "We teer arone, and thowsemper, the blould, a msy md cousse say mover bogces pile, when the tel yound eile throty Hore are the my when lat, loped.s is at his dole and


     Willy was the core canty, muse all
     mucily to field an
     kasgaias yed you.








    I copparnebtif
     