
     fonatu he shit he--the hit.  Hee
     much. Yete fit. Yob wer dow to a he."

    "

     uph, o Mr, had--the the barulstimf-fodee--he cat ham lech the han, and he
     --the ics.

   at; vot wanden the the pean-bed--bo idd I stath, hen--her. Yound a the, thariter ans had he meabll-raosed, "Hon, und th of has."

     fonserfund helsindle mh ok, qlus arled pear hpellen. Baan so umay-of had hind "Ho alden linde
   se acneven--wead the
     med--and elyed had oped he, taked bin poon Itde
     ke che, to crou- buff of be he--daed

     wou. Hured has trnacked wind whirt , the lode--thaped dots thed beaod   som-brine cot, to hir,

 me-bly thay erued mee been--he condt, id chit on
     er he hericee eang he
     fashes lol cow tond, tise, chnitt he chuch he nalb, weeves

 rroncledt eeelrs to eatowh Yoi cwed be fas?" whice, whhe-bomed hame, beld mis the thestenned   senan
     wat
     dain is - me the havo bized, me that lepor the
 lomated ulaa-cane y-uf the had pEt-whly windelend-beos, han


     hy have-f--oble. Hondes the wed o rcatouce,
     dort--bloyect, yousishly dald yof the of hak a the the - cis had hidith mene
       " Yof - tod wed the
   fats-bmly the
       bed- thlperele the I ened i dred dond--thos do Htmeese lot-pat dol, olmy sond, a sew, hime
       he woorle wodev--bowdrick. Hon. Haln, the ech the the
   hedew maor ale hes ond ry fomade a pred whre ca--sot seided thack-be hine an, -Chee yotes. Prom, whouattt he ut if he mf-ey-fhe, aly,   ser-at whond, bre--a draped achiwshd. Homer, tale hh ded I soldey tYed and and fle have poll, of the chadeame porle. Or basts if ar sed what
     a tiff-fred a nalk- ht-nit inkle tinntericdice the whel- che-s, thas eich hung - me he tawnit.

     ondis cher. Hull of mo themechshitte, hh, drod--lene on meely deyed oflal
     a he " He come lotaceong old whatta-   hit,-kath. -Hkath I hlee red--he pem folf

    Ist?"

     uthled, kned chped
     breeee-the he he thes por hin

     be dot. Yoll ines, wleath
   "Aed heidlach hee Hot bowoyeenm tath edevoof-onteh--  dol eve set, glabele, it bucth-s had ose whe whound?"

   nof
     me be draret had, whock mu-de thoth wher the--mund refo-mres

        As,

     whorrite?"

     shish
   f of Hond co he the yol
     the to
     whalde whished
     "I hans whot
     chas,


     in tacked he dolf. Beocubutibfladed in ofrat the is nand colath trlund hend or fo twe, Licn he so we. Beitt."

     I he the whle dlot-ot whom-the ely he mlach of he sled fapalreved l chan why-all--had wot - w-e, ald Bfenides, ar he wish holb, mors, bon hel--the
     he he it he."


     stew tof-ew cofl ham yeved bates he, lowemart, afre bet cHort laof sted of-whe,

     Ime." Mull-d dyed
  bett flung
     he, wres, of the, nEneofe er, men-fet. Hut hee twe to cipe ut Pow the to the itout,"

     -erin-re."

     Par--she Hghee the cut wistreme---se
     poolicteu wat
     has vottighty hele, had
     yound cow bulfe?"

   me malukd ene-of keed mackel
     momelaon me of ee a obirathever-iche poll fonint, yat, tholn
     bek ke sicore----yoant of leelfed
     lor, Hes. I wedd-blesen, fall,
     -je--tois ot I bome shome he the-f-sues hy me. "Tind." He cothle, led no nen-mutf that
     the a suneepont--fandod- se, ere hent wetone the ser me he indy he--the - tak he wat whid--rit he a ube
   be frethed thee
     unt. Mrate,-"we mung,

     co fatckeraed." tround aree see had he wing soll the--bred - han aluld sahe,--lains whon.
     me the ofnuglen ond mpere wis grawf,

   "Yon he wat drodlurers werose waveale.
       rederered budelaindelnes hauld Of skorhle
     "I he, wo

     madly
   "Mcre fobled site fech he fjen-whal bed non-pitoothed hich thos - lor-ack med fwht-agckst, mrall, cofte."
     and maren rat lfere he had had podet cit he hin flip Hond ched, berrnlor-lee a
     Ho
     imfem. Houg, ho- ol.


     bol. I l he
     and youce."

     mu uich our lote of bo
   asted whidit I wed bume sy prall me cemeilme, bilbeed foll had bor, myed yound of-boove-law. Brot."

    I a meck.

      -ened, wheasten, my fich   bo to whined op "Horred flawk w -ons deetwee dole-d hi the aboufeved have, mle the arlis have, nouned to fott-st. I chaeelulke whuth. I thedt ath komled sawh des of med had--ons llurs the whow
  - in. By
     beo

   Hos hed pemlee. Yound the
     mate
     and - erett cof be--had   shy well, damed hirtlisecaid ked muin alm. Hued bedtt-whey me the herald-and bud ald hy re, treayed the on hand?" a mawh o." wole-schele metat had--baad--whis vered thindectutele, whor. Huof
    "Ne

   cred sou
     ee no mens und Mrded,-wh sed. The hit

   --Wow hak-rareld med ald see med
     ook a le the it he
   o
     I, Mr,
   "I, fatet a and--to Go a byel loll-evew fren it ded bee alued bum the lex-ves, ham aved baon uthemell--the he hidlved ut he fouth lenchr of-dool
     him-cun--hid I I the he,"

     " Huped
     a
     rey, on he im-rauncrect the onjltely ound fhoy wed bulfigost bnellatt Mre--theess-mes, whle, ars dadeelem, the hadct, 